c:\Users\amadar1\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Northwind Demos\NorthwindEntities\bin\Debug\ApplicationInsights.config
c:\Users\amadar1\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Northwind Demos\NorthwindEntities\bin\Debug\roslyn\csc.exe
c:\Users\amadar1\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Northwind Demos\NorthwindEntities\bin\Debug\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\Users\amadar1\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Northwind Demos\NorthwindEntities\bin\Debug\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
c:\Users\amadar1\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Northwind Demos\NorthwindEntities\bin\Debug\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\Users\amadar1\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Northwind Demos\NorthwindEntities\bin\Debug\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
c:\Users\amadar1\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Northwind Demos\NorthwindEntities\bin\Debug\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
c:\Users\amadar1\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Northwind Demos\NorthwindEntities\bin\Debug\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
c:\Users\amadar1\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Northwind Demos\NorthwindEntities\bin\Debug\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
c:\Users\amadar1\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Northwind Demos\NorthwindEntities\bin\Debug\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
c:\Users\amadar1\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Northwind Demos\NorthwindEntities\bin\Debug\roslyn\vbc.exe
c:\Users\amadar1\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Northwind Demos\NorthwindEntities\bin\Debug\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
c:\Users\amadar1\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Northwind Demos\NorthwindEntities\bin\Debug\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
c:\Users\amadar1\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Northwind Demos\NorthwindEntities\bin\Debug\NorthwindEntities.dll.config
c:\Users\amadar1\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Northwind Demos\NorthwindEntities\bin\Debug\NorthwindEntities.dll
c:\Users\amadar1\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Northwind Demos\NorthwindEntities\bin\Debug\NorthwindEntities.pdb
c:\Users\amadar1\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Northwind Demos\NorthwindEntities\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
c:\Users\amadar1\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Northwind Demos\NorthwindEntities\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\Users\amadar1\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Northwind Demos\NorthwindEntities\bin\Debug\NorthwindSystem.dll
c:\Users\amadar1\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Northwind Demos\NorthwindEntities\bin\Debug\WebApp.dll
c:\Users\amadar1\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Northwind Demos\NorthwindEntities\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.dll
c:\Users\amadar1\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Northwind Demos\NorthwindEntities\bin\Debug\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\Users\amadar1\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Northwind Demos\NorthwindEntities\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
c:\Users\amadar1\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Northwind Demos\NorthwindEntities\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.dll
c:\Users\amadar1\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Northwind Demos\NorthwindEntities\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
c:\Users\amadar1\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Northwind Demos\NorthwindEntities\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.FriendlyUrls.dll
c:\Users\amadar1\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Northwind Demos\NorthwindEntities\bin\Debug\Owin.dll
c:\Users\amadar1\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Northwind Demos\NorthwindEntities\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.dll
c:\Users\amadar1\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Northwind Demos\NorthwindEntities\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
c:\Users\amadar1\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Northwind Demos\NorthwindEntities\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
c:\Users\amadar1\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Northwind Demos\NorthwindEntities\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\Users\amadar1\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Northwind Demos\NorthwindEntities\bin\Debug\NorthwindSystem.pdb
c:\Users\amadar1\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Northwind Demos\NorthwindEntities\bin\Debug\WebApp.pdb
c:\Users\amadar1\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Northwind Demos\NorthwindEntities\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
c:\Users\amadar1\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Northwind Demos\NorthwindEntities\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\Users\amadar1\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Northwind Demos\NorthwindEntities\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.xml
c:\Users\amadar1\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Northwind Demos\NorthwindEntities\bin\Debug\System.Web.Optimization.xml
c:\Users\amadar1\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Northwind Demos\NorthwindEntities\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
c:\Users\amadar1\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Northwind Demos\NorthwindEntities\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
c:\Users\amadar1\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Northwind Demos\NorthwindEntities\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
c:\Users\amadar1\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Northwind Demos\NorthwindEntities\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.FriendlyUrls.xml
c:\Users\amadar1\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Northwind Demos\NorthwindEntities\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
c:\Users\amadar1\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Northwind Demos\NorthwindEntities\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
c:\Users\amadar1\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Northwind Demos\NorthwindEntities\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
c:\Users\amadar1\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Northwind Demos\NorthwindEntities\obj\Debug\NorthwindEntities.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\Users\amadar1\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Northwind Demos\NorthwindEntities\obj\Debug\NorthwindEntities.dll
c:\Users\amadar1\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Northwind Demos\NorthwindEntities\obj\Debug\NorthwindEntities.pdb
